OpinionDiffusion---title: "Documentation"author: "Aadhithya Ramesh"date: "28 November 2018"```Note: Run each function with input data in a Data folder one level above the source code.## The NetworkThe network is comprised of users as nodes and retweets as the edges between any two users.## DominanceDominance is a metric used to measure the attention payed to a user or the influence generated by a user.Dominance is calculated by using the degree of each user and their naighbours. Refer to the dominance function in dominance.R## Creating the NetworkThe network is created by the create_network function present in the parse_edge_datatype.R file. It requires the tweets to be processed as the input.It creates the edges and nodes dataframes and runs the dominance function from the dominance.R file.The dominance is appended as a vertex_attribute in the nodes dataframe.Both the dataframes are written in CSV format in the Data folder.Return None.## Dominance analysisThe dominance_analysis function in dominance_analysis.R does multiple tasks pertaining to the analysis of the dominance distribution.The first task is to sort the nodes by dominance.The second task is to filter the dominance by threshold and store the values.Dominance distribution is represented by way of a histogram.The next task is to create a dataframe which will include nodes possibly belonging to a near clique by way of filtering using a degree derived metric.The last functionality provides a visualisation of the network with dominance attributing to the size of the nodes.Returns dominance_histogram# Timestamp network analysisThe create_timestamp_network function in the time_stamp_network file creates the network in the same manner as the create_network function. The function sorts the tweets by Created time before creation.The dominance calculation is run at every interval (24 hours) and stored as CSV.